Add 2024 PACE Hackweek to Workshops & Hackathons (#351)
NASA-Openscapes/earthdata-cloud-cookbook: workshops/index.qmd

We develop tutorials for teaching events that each have their own e-book. The following is a list of past workshops or hackathons we have hosted with links to their respective e-books. Tutorials are developed to teach open science and Cloud workflows for specific audiences. They are a snapshot in time as workflows with NASA Earthdata Cloud emerge and evolve. We will be updating [How-To Guides](../how-tos/index.qmd) as more stable ("source") instruction as we develop and learn from the teachings below.

## 2024 PACE Hackweek

[**https://pacehackweek.github.io/pace-2024/**](https://pacehackweek.github.io/pace-2024/)

> The NASA Plankton, Aerosol, Cloud, ocean Ecosystem (PACE) Hackweek was a social-coding sprint held August 4-8 in-person at the [University of Maryland Baltimore County](https://umbc.edu/) and fiscally supported by the [Ocean Carbon & Biogeochemistry](https://www.us-ocb.org/) program. The course utilized the [CryoCloud JupyterHub](https://book.cryointhecloud.com/intro.html) maintained through a structured partnership between organizers from the NASA Cryosphere community and the International Interactive Computing Collaboration (2i2c) team. Eighty-nine applications were received for the 41 available spots for participants, 10 traveled from abroad. Each day was divided into science lectures, coding tutorials, and group project work. Every evening included a social event: Bob Ross Paint Night, a “fireside chat” with NASA Program Managers, a local crab feast at Patapsco State Park, Nerd Nite ("talent" show), and PACE Trivia. Science questions hacked on include detecting anomalies in PACE hyperspectral remote sensing reflectance signals, studying relationships between aerosol and surface ocean properties impacted by wildfires and smoke plumes, and studying biological and physical characteristics of a Gulf Stream eddy using both PACE and SWOT data. Links to slides, notebooks, project repositories, and recordings (when available from the video editor) are available on the website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NASA Plankton, Aerosol, Cloud, ocean Ecosystem (PACE) Hackweek was a social-coding sprint held August 4-8 in-person at the [University of Maryland Baltimore County](https://umbc.edu/), and fiscally supported by the [Ocean Carbon & Biogeochemistry](https://www.us-ocb.org/) program. The course utilized the [CryoCloud JupyterHub](https://book.cryointhecloud.com/intro.html), which is maintained through a structured partnership between organizers from the NASA Cryosphere community and the International Interactive Computing Collaboration (2i2c) team. Forty one participants from 89 applicants attended the event, including 10 who traveled from abroad. Each day was divided into science lectures, coding tutorials, and group project work. Every evening included a social event: a Bob Ross Paint Night, a “fireside chat” with NASA Program Managers, a local crab feast at Patapsco State Park, Nerd Nite ("talent" show), and PACE Trivia. We hacked on many interesting science questions, such as detecting anomalies in PACE hyperspectral remote sensing reflectance signals, studying relationships between aerosol and surface ocean properties impacted by wildfires and smoke plumes, and studying biological and physical characteristics of a Gulf Stream eddy using both PACE and SWOT data. Links to slides, notebooks, project repositories, and recordings (when available from the video editor) are available on the website.
```
